For entry groups, we should employ a new way to edit the graph.

Groups are set of entries with links between them.

There are few pre-defined link types:
- BUNDLE: an fully connected graph of entries, representing a single expense or income that is paid by multiple entries.
- SPLIT: an expense split between friends, representing by a parent expense and few income entries.
- RECURRING: a recurring expense or income, representing by a date ordered linked list of entries.

The new way of editing the graph would be to be
1. we either select an existing group or create a new one by using the + button
2. the graph will be visualized, depending on the link type, different type have different visualizations
   1. BUDDLE: simply show a fully connected graph of entries, entries should be displayed as nodes (name + date)
   2. SPLIT: show a tree, right?
   3. RECURRING: show a date ordered linked list of entries, entries should be displayed as nodes (name + date)
3. If there's a link type, then we don't need to manually add links, we can simply select a NEW entry to be added to the group
   1. For SPLIT, a parent node should be added and then the income entries should be added as children to the parent node
   2. For RECURRING, the links are automatically generated by the date ordered linked list of entries

In the future we might have a way to allow arbitrary links between entries, but for now we should keep it simple with 3 pre-defined link types.
Therefore we will never need to manually specify edges, but simply add nodes to groups and link types would figure out how to connect the nodes.

Another caveat is that we ALLOW nodes to be a group themselves. In that case, the node would simply display the group name.

So for this proposal, we need to both refactor the backend and the frontend substantially.